docs/docs/Installation/aws.md, before:

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Run BaGetter on AWS

:::warning

This page is a work in progress!

:::

Use Amazon Web Services to scale BaGetter. You can store metadata on [Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)](https://aws.amazon.com/rds) and upload packages to [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/).

## Configure BaGetter

You can modify BaGetter's configurations by editing the `appsettings.json` file. For the full list of configurations, please refer to [BaGetter's configuration](../configuration.md) guide.

### Amazon S3

Update the `appsettings.json` file:

```json
{
    ...

    "Storage": {
        "Type": "AwsS3",
        "Region": "us-west-1",
        "Bucket": "foo",
        "AccessKey": "",
        "SecretKey": ""
    },

    ...
}
```

### Amazon RDS

<Tabs groupId="database-types">
  <TabItem value="postgresql" label="Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL">
To use [PostgreSQL](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/postgresql), update the `appsettings.json` file:

```json
{
    ...

    "Database": {
        "Type": "PostgreSql",
        "ConnectionString": "..."
    },

    ...
}
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="mysql" label="Amazon RDS for MySQL">
To use [MySQL](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/mysql), update the `appsettings.json` file:

```json
{
    ...

    "Database": {
        "Type": "MySql",
        "ConnectionString": "..."
    },

    ...
}
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="sqlserver" label="Amazon RDS for SQL Server">
To use [SQL Server](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/sqlserver), update the `appsettings.json` file:

```json
{
    ...

    "Database": {
        "Type": "SqlServer",
        "ConnectionString": "..."
    },

    ...
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Publish packages

Publish your first package with:

```shell
dotnet nuget push -s http://localhost:5000/v3/index.json package.1.0.0.nupkg
```

Publish your first [symbol package](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/create-packages/symbol-packages-snupkg) with:

```shell
dotnet nuget push -s http://localhost:5000/v3/index.json symbol.package.1.0.0.snupkg
```

:::warning

You should secure your server by requiring an API Key to publish packages. For more information, please refer to the [Require an API Key](../configuration.md#require-an-api-key) guide.

:::

## Restore packages

You can restore packages by using the following package source:

`http://localhost:5000/v3/index.json`

Some helpful guides:

- [Visual Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-visual-studio#package-sources)
- [NuGet.config](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/reference/nuget-config-file#package-source-sections)

## Symbol server

You can load symbols by using the following symbol location:

`http://localhost:5000/api/download/symbols`

For Visual Studio, please refer to the [Configure Debugging](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/specify-symbol-dot-pdb-and-source-files-in-the-visual-studio-debugger?view=vs-2017#configure-symbol-locations-and-loading-options) guide.

Commit message:

Update docs and packages (#95)
* Update GCP Storage

Tested with a local Sqlite DB and GCP cloud storage bucket.

* Update test libs

* Update EF Core packages

* Update web application packages

* Update AWS packages

* Add json annotation to markdown

docs/docs/Installation/aws.md, after:

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Run BaGetter on AWS

:::warning

This page is a work in progress!

:::

Use Amazon Web Services to scale BaGetter. You can store metadata on [Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)](https://aws.amazon.com/rds) and upload packages to [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/).

## Configure BaGetter

You can modify BaGetter's configurations by editing the `appsettings.json` file. For the full list of configurations, please refer to [BaGetter's configuration](../configuration.md) guide.

### Amazon S3

Create a bucket, a service account with access to the bucket, and an access key for the service account.  
Update the `appsettings.json` file with those:

```json
{
    ...

    "Storage": {
        "Type": "AwsS3",
        "Region": "us-west-1",
        "Bucket": "foo",
        "AccessKey": "",
        "SecretKey": ""
    },

    ...
}
```

### Amazon RDS

<Tabs groupId="database-types">
  <TabItem value="postgresql" label="Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL">
To use [PostgreSQL](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/postgresql), update the `appsettings.json` file:

```json
{
    ...

    "Database": {
        "Type": "PostgreSql",
        "ConnectionString": "..."
    },

    ...
}
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="mysql" label="Amazon RDS for MySQL">
To use [MySQL](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/mysql), update the `appsettings.json` file:

```json
{
    ...

    "Database": {
        "Type": "MySql",
        "ConnectionString": "..."
    },

    ...
}
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="sqlserver" label="Amazon RDS for SQL Server">
To use [SQL Server](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/sqlserver), update the `appsettings.json` file:

```json
{
    ...

    "Database": {
        "Type": "SqlServer",
        "ConnectionString": "..."
    },

    ...
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Publish packages

Publish your first package with:

```shell
dotnet nuget push -s http://localhost:5000/v3/index.json package.1.0.0.nupkg
```

Publish your first [symbol package](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/create-packages/symbol-packages-snupkg) with:

```shell
dotnet nuget push -s http://localhost:5000/v3/index.json symbol.package.1.0.0.snupkg
```

:::warning

You should secure your server by requiring an API Key to publish packages. For more information, please refer to the [Require an API Key](../configuration.md#require-an-api-key) guide.

:::

## Restore packages

You can restore packages by using the following package source:

`http://localhost:5000/v3/index.json`

Some helpful guides:

- [Visual Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-visual-studio#package-sources)
- [NuGet.config](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/reference/nuget-config-file#package-source-sections)

## Symbol server

You can load symbols by using the following symbol location:

`http://localhost:5000/api/download/symbols`

For Visual Studio, please refer to the [Configure Debugging](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/debugger/specify-symbol-dot-pdb-and-source-files-in-the-visual-studio-debugger?view=vs-2017#configure-symbol-locations-and-loading-options) guide.
